How to join a working group (#2158)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/pages/community/contribute/development.mdx

import { Cards } from "../../../components/cards"

# Participating in Development

GraphQL is developed in the open, through [GitHub](https://github.com/graphql) and working group meetings that are open for anyone to attend (so long as they are covered under the [free membership agreement](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-wg/tree/HEAD/membership)). In addition, anybody is welcome to view the [recordings of our meetings on YouTube](https://youtube.graphql.org)

## Getting up to speed

> All of our work [happens in the open](https://github.com/graphql). In addition, we record our workgroups' meetings on [YouTube](https://youtube.graphql.org). If you are interested in quickly getting up to speed on what's happening in a working group, the [meeting minutes](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-wg/tree/main/notes) and [replays](https://youtube.graphql.org) are a great place to begin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of our work [happens in the open](https://github.com/graphql). In addition, we record our workgroups' meetings on [YouTube](https://youtube.graphql.org). If you are interested in quickly getting up to speed on what's happening in a working group, the meeting minutes (`notes` folder in the relevant repository) and [replays](https://youtube.graphql.org) are a great place to begin.
```

      description: "Whether you want a simple GraphiQL IDE instance for your server, or a more advanced web or desktop GraphQL IDE experience for your framework or plugin, or you want to build an IDE extension or plugin, you've come to the right place!",
    },
    {
      title: "GraphQL.js",
      link: "https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js",
      description: "The JavaScript reference implementation for GraphQL.",
    },
    {
      title: "GraphQL Playground",
      link: "https://github.com/graphql/graphql-playground",
      description: "GraphQL IDE for better development workflows (GraphQL Subscriptions, interactive docs & collaboration).",
    },
    {
      title: "libgraphqlparser",
      link: "https://github.com/graphql/libgraphqlparser",
      description: "A parser for GraphQL, a query language for describing data requirements on complex application data models, implemented in C++11.",
    },
    {
      title: "Relay Library for GraphQL.js",
      link: "https://github.com/graphql/graphql-relay-js",
      description: "A library to allow the easy creation of Relay-compliant servers using the GraphQL.js reference implementation of a GraphQL server.",

>     },

Reviewer: These 3 aren't really actively maintained currently.

We seem to be lacking:

- graphql-http (the reference implementation of graphql-over-http)
- composite-schemas-spec

Author: This is projects & specification only. I have removed those highlighted and added graphql-http, the composite schema spec and the website repo.

        {
      title: "SWAPI GraphQL Wrapper",
      link: "https://github.com/graphql/swapi-graphql",
      description: "A wrapper around the Star Wars API, or \"swapi\" (Swah-pee) the world's first quantified and programmatically-accessible data source for all the data from the Star Wars canon universe, converting it into a GraphQL schema.",
    },
  ]}
  />

> If you want to get involved in GraphQL, add yourself to the meeting agenda for one of our [working groups or implementations](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-wg/blob/main/GraphQL-TSC.md#about-the-graphql-specification-project), sign the document if you haven't already, and show up! Or, if you prefer, just open a PR against our projects as this will also initiate the spec membership signature process.

Reviewer: The TSC document needs agreement to edit; should we link to https://github.com/graphql/graphql-wg#upcoming-meetings instead?

Author: Changed this to link to the new "how to join" section
